Notes - Redefining Rest

Mark 6:31 NLT
Then Jesus said, “Let’s go off by ourselves to a quiet place and rest awhile.” He said this because there were so many people coming and going that Jesus and his apostles didn’t even have time to eat.

Book Cover 1 Image

Book Cover 2 Image

Slide-Exodus 16:27 NLT
Some of the people went out anyway on the seventh day, but they found no food.

Slide-Exodus 33:14 NLT 
The Lord replied, “I will personally go with you, and I will give you rest-everything will be fine for you.”

Slide-Ephesians 5:16 NLT
Make the most of every opportunity in these evil days.

Slide - We are asked to Reconsider Our Non Work Time such leisure activities, patterns of consumption, and whether it negatively impacts me or others, and is my life fragmented or integrated.

Slide-Research I have conducted has revealed a negative correlation between frequency of TV watching and spiritual well-being, and also that a mass-media leisure style is associated with lower levels of spiritual well-being than a leisure style focused on personal development.
-Paul Heintzman, author of Leisure and Spirituality: Biblical, Historical, and Contemporary Perspectives.

Slide-The most common toxins that pollute Christian leisure today?
	A strong performance and work orientation that neglects God’s grace. 
	Over-consumption of goods and services that distract us from God and his creation. 
	Busyness in leisure activities that prevents us from developing the qualitative dimension of leisure. 
	An entertainment culture that overstimulates us and diverts us from finding our true refuge in God and his love. 
	An overemphasis upon competitive rather than co-operative activities, organized rather than unstructured play, and spectating rather than participating.

Slide- Psalm 46:10 NLT “Be still, and know that I am God! I will be honored by every nation. I will be honored throughout the world.”

Slide- Psalm 46:10 NLT “Be still, and know that I am God! I will be honored by every nation. I will be honored throughout the world.”

Slide-REST – Is the Renewing Of Our Mind

Slide-Exodus 34:21 NLT
“You have six days each week for your ordinary work, but on the seventh day you must stop working, even during the seasons of plowing and harvest.

REST– Is Redeeming The Time

Slide-Romans 12:2 NLT
Don’t copy the behavior and customs of this world, but let God transform you into a new person by changing the way you think. Then you will learn to know God’s will for you, which is good and pleasing and perfect.

REST - Is Reintegrating Our Lives
